Added doc for GeoViewController (#535)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-dotnet-toolkit: docs/geoviewcontroller.md

# GeoViewController

GeoViewController is a helper class for enabling MVVM patterns adoption is an ArcGIS Maps SDK for .NET applications. 
The helper class allows you to perform view operations on the MapView from your ViewModel, through an attached proxy-object that ensures you keep ViewModel and View separated.

> ![compass](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1378165/73389839-d9c8f500-4289-11ea-923c-18232489b3e0.png)

Reviewer: Compass?

## Features

- GeoViewController class can manage most common `GeoView` operations like setting viewpoint, performing identify and showing callouts. Any specific `MapView` or `SceneView` operations are not accessible via this helper class.
- The helpher class is extensible so you can add your own custom map and scene operations, or interface for allowing testing (see WPF sample).

> - Currently, there are no events exposed. You can use `EventToCommand` or any similar already established approach to forward view events back to the ViewModel (see samples).

Reviewer: Remove. It makes it sound like this might come. The controller was never needed to do this in the first place

## Usage

```xml
<esri:MapView x:Name="MyMapView"
              Map="{Binding Map, Source={StaticResource VM}}"
              toolkit:GeoViewController.GeoViewController="{Binding Controller, Source={StaticResource VM}}">

> ```

Reviewer: Should the VM code be included?

Author: I was thinking about it but then I thought it would be like pasting the entire sample code. I think users can refer to WPF sample, if needed.

# GeoViewController

> GeoViewController is a helper class for enabling easy adoption of MVVM patterns in ArcGIS Maps SDK for .NET applications. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GeoViewController is a helper class for enabling easy adoption of [Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/maui/mvvm) patterns in ArcGIS Maps SDK for .NET applications. 
```

The helper class allows you to perform view operations on the MapView from your ViewModel, through an attached proxy-object that ensures you keep ViewModel and View separated.

![geoviewcontroller](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1378165/73389839-d9c8f500-4289-11ea-923c-18232489b3e0.png)

## Features

> - GeoViewController class can manage most common `GeoView` operations like setting viewpoint, performing identify and showing callouts. Any specific `MapView` or `SceneView` operations are not accessible via this helper class.
> - The helper class is extensible. You can add your own custom map and scene operations, or interface for enabling testing (see WPF sample).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- GeoViewController class can manage most common `GeoView` operations like setting a viewpoint, performing identify, and showing callouts. Any specific `MapView` or `SceneView` operations are not accessible via this helper class.
- The helper class is extensible. You can add your own custom map and scene operations or an interface to enable testing (see WPF sample).
```
